Add crosslink to cron timezones (#1762)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/app/cron.md

If an application defines both a `web` instance and a `worker` instance, cron tasks will be run only on the `web` instance.

> If running the CRON in a specific timezone - different than UTC - is required, please consult [this page](/configuration/app/timezone.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If running the cron task in a specific timezone that is different than UTC is required, you will need to [configure that timezone](/configuration/app/timezone.md) explicitly.
```
